##Story Map 
(Work in Progress)

The effects of visualizing both individual components and the holistic effects of trauma centered data and research being collected can be exponentially beneficial for both internal and external stakeholders. This project attempted to address three tiers of stakeholders through the production of visualizations and web based platforms to improve the experience of all audiences interacting with the Group Attachment Based Intervention Study and the data surrounding it. These tiers can be divided into: 
-	1. The expert level, regarding researchers conducting the study and examining data to prove correlations, regressions and the impact of the work; 
-	2. The intermediate level, social workers and communities of potential trainees looking to adopt the study and learn how to successfully deliver it; 
-	3. The ground level, families themselves who have engaged with and merited from the treatment.

Through the production of visualizations and platform developed linked with these three tiers of stakeholders, there can also be three sets of benefits reaped through the results. A focus on maintaining a humanistic approach when handling the data will be hugely important throughout the project as well as designing work with a highly human centric attitude. The current scalability and greater success of this study is being hindered by lack of a functional online learning platform that can train new employees to deliver the treatment. 

In order to develop and improve the current online learning platform the group is using, it is important to understand the overall climate of online learning. What are the known limitations of this medium and how can we design to overcome them. What are the needs of GABI training programs and how much interactivity can be implemented in the current model, which involves only videos and zero interaction with users. This section of the paper will address the research of online learning as a Segway into improving the needs of the GABI group specifically through a stronger platform.

This aspect of the paper will also address my visualization project itself and explain the processes, research and progress that led me to the final stage that will exist by May 2016. It will then discuss future goals for the work and plans to continue the relationship with Anne Murphy and the members of this study in order to help them improve and scale this treatment. 

I will breakdown all the quantitative data variables being collected and how the numeric values can work to weave a story of each family in the study. This aspect of the project is related to the expert level visualization designed to aid researchers in viewing correlations, regressions and patterns in the work that could become much more accessible when shown in a visual and interactive format superior to the SPSS files they currently work from to write papers, grants, articles etc.

These papers and grants are the terminal point for much of the sharing of this work as that has been accepted as the norm within the greater psychological community. That is for research to live only in static files and formats presented at conferences every so often and shared as scholarly documents but never beyond that. My belief and goals are to implement the use of technology and design to share the important work being conducted and unique discoveries being made within the greater psychological attachment community and beyond. 
